So in this video we will be talking about the next two classes salary on Java and update salary on Java.
So salary class will be used to set the salary or pay the salary to the employee and update salary or
Java class will be used to update the salary of any particular employee.
So let's have a look at the salary file.
So inside which we have imported the package, our SQL district to connect with the database Java X
dot swing to create a better graphical user interface.
Java JWT to create a.
Graphical user interface with the help of the classes and methods provided by the Abstract Window Toolkit
and Ada Blue Dot event, which will be used to handle events or the buttons.
Then what we are doing is defining a public class salary, which is extending the frame and implementing
actions inside which we have defined.
J label.
There are seven labels, seven text field, two buttons, and one choice and stance.
Now inside the salary non parameterized constructor salary.
What we are doing doing is.
Hiding assets salary.
After that, we have set the layout of the window with the help of new grid layout.
Eight comma two comma 20 common 20 and define the status was two new choice now to add choices over
the instance of the C2 inside the tri block we have initialize the connection with our database.
Con C is equals to new con, which will this class we have created in our earlier videos.
After that result, set addresses equals to see one point as a dot execute query pass the argument test
select district from employee.
So this result that will install all the details of the employee for from our employee table of the
database and while our start next.
So this will iterate over all the records of the table employ.
We will be adding all the IDs for every employer in our choice.
The cast block will handle any exception if occurs.
Then what we are doing is adding a label select employee number and after that we are adding the C2
choice in our char frame.
Then we have defined the label named as HRA.
After that, we have defined the text field.
With size 15 and adding the label and text field to over.
Frame after that.
What we are doing is.
Defining another label L three new label label.
SD Then we have defined the text field with the maximum files 15 to enter that D adding the L 393 both
to our j frame.
After that, we have defined under another label as m d and defining a D for new text field maximum
size 15 and adding the L four and D four to our.
J frame.
After that there is a label l five labeled as F and.
D5, which is labelled as text field, which is a text field and its maximum size is 15, adding that
L five and T five both to our frame.
After that, what we are doing is there is a label six name named as basic salary, defining a text
field for that respective basic salary to enter the salary.
Then we are adding the L six and six both to our G frame.
Then we have defined a button women as equals to a new button which is labelled as submit its background
colour as black and its foreground colour as white.
The submit button will be used to submit the details of the salary into our table of the database.
Then we have defined the cancel button which will be used to cancel or close the output or window of
this class.
Beethoven set background colour as black and foreground colour as white.
Adding that b one button and B two button to our.
Classes.
So we have added B1, B2, but then to our frame.
And after that what we are doing is adding action listener to both the B1 and B two buttons, because
these buttons must be performing any event and after that, setting the size as 450 plus 550 and set
the location as 500, comma 200.
Set the visibility of the window as true.
After that, setting the background color as white.
Now public white action performed inside the action from the event method.
We are taking argument as action event a what we are doing inside this method is.
Inside the string array, we are restoring the content from the text field.
Even inside the string ID we are installing the choice which will be selected from the key to.
Inside the DVR is storing the text or content from the text field.
Three.
Then inside the string, we are installing the text field value of default inside the PFA, restoring
the content of the TX five and inside the string basic.
We are restoring the text field content of 36.
Then we have defined a string query.
Q are y inside which we have passed the argument insert into salary values.
Which will help us to install the values into our salary table of the database.
And inside the bracket, we have passed those values ID grade and midpoint basic.
Now inside the trialogue, what we did is we have created a connection instance of our database class,
which is common and c 1.. executable query inside which we are past.
The Q are Y so that the query this query can be executed successfully with C one point has to execute
update query.
Then there is a j option pane dot show message dialog box which will show the dialog box says salary
updated.
If the query has been updated successfully, then we will set the visibility of the current window as
false and catch the exception if any occurs.
Inside the public static void main method.
We have just created the instance of the salary.
So this is how we can add details to our salary table for that particular employee.
Now let's have a look at how we can update salary of any employee so far that we have created a class
update salary.
So let's have a look at this now.
So inside the update salary, we have imported JavaScript strict because we need to retrieve the information
from the database and also update the information in the database.
So this package will help us to connect with our database.
Java Exports trying to provide a better info interface and graphical user interface for the application.
A JWT event to handle events over the buttons.
Now this public class updates which is extending frame and implementing action listener and both item
listener.
There will be six labels, six text fields, two buttons and one choice inside the non parameterized
constructor of that update salary.
What we are doing is setting the layout as null, using no layout.
See how it is equal to new choice and to a store ID of the employer and see out.
We have created a connection of our database instance and then we are creating instance of a result
set and executing the query select as strict from salary and from the salary table.
What we are doing is we are adding every idea of the employer to our choice.
Instance, the cash block will handle any exception.
Then we have defined the label select employee.
Named as select shampoo and set its bound 20 comma 2000 cross 20.
Adding that label to our frame.
After that, we have defined the bound for our choice and stance, adding that to our frame.
Also.
Then there is a label HRA and the text field for that.
Variable HIV label and we have set the bound for both 11 and L two to set its policy position and respective
size, adding that 1191 to our frame.
After that, what we are doing, we are creating a label for the day and its respective text field,
setting the bound for both of the label and the text field.
After that, we are adding the label L 22 to our frame.
After that, we are defining a label for the MIDI and its respective text field.
Three.
Then we set the bound location and size for both labels and text field respectively, then adding that
label and text field to our frame.
After that we are adding a label, new label and inside the T for text field what we are doing is J
text field 15.
So we are maximizing maximum size for the text field is 15 and that's for the label.
And after that we are setting the size and location for that for 94 respectively.
Then we are adding that Alpha 24 to our J frame.
After that there is another label.
As for the basic salary and respect to text field SD five, maximum size 15 and then setting the size
and location for that alpha 75, then adding both the labels and text field to our J frame.
After that, there are two buttons.
One is goes to new button update.
Set background as black or foreground as white.
This will be used to update the details of the employee salary and then there is a B to button new button
delete and B to set background as color black and set foreground color as white.
This will be used to delete any record for that particular ID of the employee beyond set down, which
will set the location for that particular button and b to set bond, which will set the location and
size for that particular button which is referencing to the delete.
Adding both the buttons to frame now adding action, listening to our button B one and B two and item
listener in our choice see to background color of the whole window as white setting visibility as true
sizes four and across 450 and location as 600.
Comma 200.
Now inside the action performed method, which is taking an action event argument.
What we are doing is if the source from the B1 button is if the source of the event is from the B1 button.
We will explore the content of the text filled one in a selected item or from the citizen ID and the
selected content from the data in the content of T three in the content of RT for NPF and content of
t five in basically a string.
Now after that a string Q or VI.
What we are doing in a string Q are why?
We are creating the update query so that the details of the salary for that particular employee ID can
be updated.
It is stating that update salary is attached to the Met basic salary where it will be the selected item.
Now inside the trialogue, what we are doing is creating the connection with our database with the help
of our class execute query.
If the query has been updated successfully, we will be showing the dialog box that salary updated and
set the availability of the current window as false.
Cache block will handle any exception if occurs.
Now, if the source of the button is from the B2, which will be deleted.
So we have to delete that particular record.
So inside the block we have again created the connection with the database class which is gone and 7..
execute update instead which we have passed delete from salary where the it will be to get selected
item.
So for that particular ID, the complete record will be deleted.
It will show that salary deleted and setup ability of the current window as false.
Catalog will handle any exceptional effects.
Now, inside, the item is changed.
We'll pass the item inventory and inside the block.
We have created the instance with our connection class and we have created a result.
Set Query 7.0 start execute select aspect from salary where ID will be selected.
So for that particular ID, we have executed that query and if asked next.
So for particular row of that ID, what we are doing is we are adding information to our text field.
Even in t one we are adding a charity to the D, three, D four and T five.
Basic salary cash block will end an exceptional focus and inside the void is public static admin.
We are just creating the instance of that update salary.
Uh, glass or, uh, yes, fine.
So what we are in this video, we have talked about the salad or Java file, which will help us to set
the salary, you know, to our database table salary and update salary will help us to update the salary
of any particular employee with the help of face ID.
So that's all in this video.